readme.md, before:

# Awesome Shopify [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat.svg)](https://awesome.re)

[<img src="shopify.png" width="250px" align="right" alt="Shopify">](https://www.shopify.com/?ref=vitalogy)

> A curated list of awesome [Shopify](https://www.shopify.com/?ref=vitalogy) resources, libraries and open source projects.

[Shopify](https://www.shopify.com/?ref=vitalogy) is a popular e-commerce platform that allows to build and manage online stores.
If you want to contribute, please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/julionc/awesome-shopify/blob/master/contributing.md).
Thanks to all [contributors](https://github.com/julionc/awesome-shopify/graphs/contributors), you're awesome and wouldn't be possible without you! 

## Contents

- [Community](#community)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Front-end Development](#front-end-development)
- [Mobile](#mobile)
- [Libraries](#libraries)
  - [Ruby](#ruby)
  - [Python](#python)
  - [JavaScript](#javascript)
  - [DotNet](#dotnet)
  - [Elixir](#elixir)
  - [Haskell](#haskell)
  - [Java](#java)
  - [Golang](#golang)
  - [PHP](#php)
  - [R](#r)
  - [Rust](#rust)
- [Examples](#examples)
  - [JavaScript Examples](#javascript-examples)
  - [Python Examples](#python-examples)
  - [Ruby Examples](#ruby-examples)
- [Code Snippets](#code-snippets)
- [Tools](#tools)

## Community

- [@ShopifyPartners](https://twitter.com/ShopifyPartners) - The Official Shopify Partners Twitter account.
- [@ShopifyDevs](https://twitter.com/ShopifyDevs) - A Shopify Devs Team Twitter account.
- [Community Discussion Forums](https://community.shopify.com/) - Discussing eCommerce best practices and how to have a successful online store.
- [Shopify Partners](https://shopifypartners.slack.com/) - Official Shopify Partners Slack Channel. If you are a Partner, go to your resources tab and it should be linked there as well.
- [eCommTalk](http://ecommtalk.com/) - A Slack Community created to bring Shopify lovers together.
- [/r/shopify](https://www.reddit.com/r/shopify) - The Shopify Reddit Community.

## Documentation

- [Developer changelog](https://developers.shopify.com/changelog) - The Official Developer Changelog blog with important changes to APIs and other developer products.
- [Developer guides](https://help.shopify.com/api/guides) - If you're new to developing apps for Shopify, take a look at the official guides to get an overview of the process.
- [Shopify - The OAuth flow for Authentication](https://help.shopify.com/api/guides/authentication/oauth) - This guide will walk you through the OAuth Authorization process.
- [Shopify Partner Account](https://www.shopify.com/partners?ref=vitalogy) - If you don't have a Shopify Partner account yet head over [here](https://www.shopify.com/partners?ref=vitalogy) and create one, you'll need it before you can start developing apps.
- [App requirements checklist](https://help.shopify.com/api/listing-in-the-app-store/app-review-checklist) - For submitting apps to the Shopify App Store.
- [Everything You Need to Know About Development Stores](https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/development-stores?ref=vitalogy) - Understanding development stores.


## Front-end Development

### UI/UX

- [Shopify Polaris](https://polaris.shopify.com) - Polaris is a React component library designed to help developers create the best experience for merchants. [GitHub](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) :sunny:.
- [Slate](https://github.com/Shopify/slate) - Slate is a toolkit for developing Shopify themes, designed to assist your workflow and speed up the process of developing, testing, and deploying themes.
- [Shopify Polaris UI Kit](https://polaris.shopify.com/resources/polaris-ui-kit) - The Sketch UI kit provides a set of reusable components to help you craft great products for Shopify.

### CSS Frameworks

- [Foundationify](https://github.com/lukebussey/foundationify) - A theme for Shopify based on the responsive Zurb Foundation 5 framework.
- [Uptown CSS](https://github.com/shoppad/uptowncss/) - Uptown CSS is a semantic toolkit designed to help developers build fully-responsive Shopify Apps.

### Liquid Template

- [Liquid](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/) - Liquid is safe, customer-facing template language for flexible web apps.
- [Liquid Cheat Sheet](https://www.shopify.com/partners/shopify-cheat-sheet) - A resource for building Shopify Themes with Liquid.
- [Liquid template language reference](https://shopify.dev/docs/themes/liquid/reference) - Liquid is the backbone of all Shopify themes, and is used to load dynamic content to the pages of online stores.

### Others

- [Cart.js](https://cartjs.org) - A JavaScript library to power your Shopify theme's cart.
- [gocomet/snippets](https://github.com/gocomet/snippets) - A collection of code snippets, generally for use with Shopify.
- [Shopify Skeleton theme](https://github.com/Shopify/skeleton-theme) - A simplified Shopify theme.
- [shopify-css-import](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-css-import) - Add CSS import functionality to Shopify theme development with Grunt.js or Gulp.js.
- [Setup and use Shopify metafields in your custom storefront](https://www.zauberware.com/en/articles/2019/setup-and-use-shopify-metafields-in-your-custom-storefront/) - Using GraphQL API to create and get Shopify Metafields.

## Mobile

You can use the iOS and Android Buy SDK to integrate Shopify checkout into your mobile applications. This lets you sell any of your physical products through the app and track sales info in your Shopify Admin. [Learn more here›](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/storefront-api/tools).

### Android

- [Shopify Mobile for Android](https://www.shopify.com/install/android)
- [Shopify Mobile Buy SDK](https://www.shopify.com/install/mobile)

### iOS

- [Shopify Mobile for iPhone](https://www.shopify.com/install/mobile)
- [Shopify Mobile Buy SDK](https://github.com/Shopify/mobile-buy-sdk-ios)

### 

## Libraries

You can use official Shopify libraries or any of the third party libraries below for authenticating and interacting with the Shopify API.

### Ruby

- [shopify_api](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_api) - Shopify Ruby API.
- [shopify_app](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app) - A Ruby on Rails Engine.
- [omniauth-shopify-oauth2](https://github.com/Shopify/omniauth-shopify-oauth2) - Authentication using OmniAuth.
- [shopify-sinatra-app](https://github.com/kevinhughes27/shopify-sinatra-app) - Shopify Sinatra App.
- [lucid_shopify](https://github.com/luciddesign/lucid_shopify) - Basic interfaces to the Shopify API.

### Python

- [shopify_python_api](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_python_api) - Shopify Python API.
- [django-shopify-auth](https://github.com/discolabs/django-shopify-auth) - Add Shopify authentication to a Django app.
- [Django Shopify Webhook](https://github.com/discolabs/django-shopify-webhook) - A package for receiving Shopify Webhooks in Django.

### JavaScript

- [@shopify/koa-shopify-auth](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/tree/master/packages/koa-shopify-auth) - Shopify Auth for Koa HTTP middleware framework.
- [@shopify/koa-shopify-graphql-proxy](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/blob/master/packages/koa-shopify-graphql-proxy/README.md) - Shopify GraphQL Proxy for Koa HTTP middleware framework.
- [@shopify/koa-shopify-webhooks](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/tree/master/packages/koa-shopify-webhooks) - Shopify Webhooks Middleware for Koa HTTP middleware framework.
- [js-buy-sdk](https://github.com/Shopify/js-buy-sdk) - Shopify JavaScript Buy SDK.
- [shopify-api-node](https://github.com/MONEI/Shopify-api-node) - Node.js Shopify connector.
- [shopify-node-api](https://github.com/christophergregory/shopify-node-api) - OAuth2 Module for Shopify API.

### DotNet

- [nozzlegear/ShopifySharp](https://github.com/nozzlegear/ShopifySharp) - A .NET library for Shopify.
- [agileharbor/shopifyAccess](https://github.com/agileharbor/shopifyAccess) - Shoppify API .NET wrapper.

### Elixir

- [sticksnleaves/exshopify](https://github.com/sticksnleaves/exshopify) - Elixir client for the Shopify API.
- [shopify_elixir](https://github.com/sdn90/shopify_elixir) - A Shopify API library for Elixir.

### Haskell

- [haskell-shopify](https://github.com/aaronlevin/haskell-shopify) - A type-safe Haskell client for the Shopify API.

### Java

- [shopify-api-java-wrapper](https://github.com/SevenSpikes/shopify-api-java-wrapper) - Java wrapper for the Shopify API.

### Golang

- [bold-commerce/go-shopify](https://github.com/bold-commerce/go-shopify) - Shopify for Golang.
- [go-shopify](https://github.com/kiwih/go-shopify) - Golang tool for connecting to Shopify's API.
- [shoauth](https://github.com/darrenpeters/shoauth) - Shopify oauth (oauth2) middleware for Golang.

### PHP

- [pizdata/oauth2-shopify-php](https://github.com/pizdata/oauth2-shopify-php) - Shopify Provider for the OAuth 2.0 Client.
- [multidimension-al/oauth2-shopify](https://github.com/multidimension-al/oauth2-shopify) - Shopify's OAuth 2.0 support for the PHP League's OAuth 2.0 Client.
- [ShopifyExtras/PHP-Shopify-API-Wrapper](https://github.com/ShopifyExtras/PHP-Shopify-API-Wrapper) - Guzzle-based API client.
- [phpclassic/php-shopify](https://github.com/phpclassic/php-shopify) - PHP SDK for Shopify API.
- [ZfrShopify](https://github.com/zf-fr/zfr-shopify) - Guzzle client around Shopify API.
- [Shopify API Package for Laravel](https://github.com/joshrps/laravel-shopify-API-wrapper) - A Laravel API Wrapper.
- [donutdan4114/shopify](https://github.com/donutdan4114/shopify) - A simple Shopify PHP SDK for private apps to easily interact with the Shopify API.
- [slince/shopify-api-php](https://github.com/slince/shopify-api-php) - Shopify API Client for PHP.
- [ohmybrew/Basic-Shopify-API](https://github.com/ohmybrew/Basic-Shopify-API) - A simple, tested, API wrapper for Shopify using Guzzle for REST and GraphQL.
- [ohmybrew/laravel-shopify](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify) - A full-featured Laravel package for aiding in Shopify App development.
- [buy-button-wordpress](https://github.com/Shopify/buy-button-wordpress) - Wordpress plugin for the Buy Button.
- [bold-shopify-toolkit](https://github.com/bold-commerce/bold-shopify-toolkit) - A Symfony Based Shopify api wrapper.
- [oseintow/laravel-shopify](https://github.com/oseintow/laravel-shopify) - Laravel Shopify is a simple package which helps to build robust integration into Shopify.
- [tothjmt/Laravel-Shopify](https://github.com/tothjmt/Laravel-Shopify) - A Laravel / Shopify API Wrapper.
- [CakePHP Plugin](https://github.com/cmcdonaldca/CakePHP-Shopify-Plugin) - A simple plugin for CakePHP.

### R

- [shopifyr](https://github.com/charliebone/shopifyr/) - Aims to provide an easy-to-use interface to the Shopify Admin API within R.

### Rust

- [Ventmere/shopify](https://github.com/Ventmere/shopify/) - Shopify API Client for Rust.

## Examples
A Open Source Projects

### JavaScript Examples

- [Shopify App Node](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-node) -  Boilerplate to create an embedded Shopify app made with Node, Next.js, Shopify-koa-auth, Polaris, and App Bridge React :sunny:.
- [Shopify App with Node.js and React](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-demo-app-node-react) - Build a Shopify Demo App with Node.js and React.
- [Storefront API Examples](https://github.com/Shopify/storefront-api-examples) - Example custom storefront applications built on Shopify's Storefront API.
- [SmallAwesomeShop](https://github.com/JsssCode/SmallAwesomeShop) - An Angular 7 App example using Shopify's Storefront GraphQL API.

### Python Examples

- [shopify_django_app](https://github.com/shopify/shopify_django_app) - Shopify Django App Example.

### Ruby Examples

- [shopify-fulfillment-integration](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-fulfillment-integration) - Example Fulfillment Service Integration with Shopify.
- [Hosted Payment Simulator](https://github.com/Shopify/hosted-payment-sim) - Example of using the [Hosted Payment SDK](https://docs.shopify.com/api/sdks/hosted-payment-sdk).
- [shopify-sim](https://github.com/urbandictionary/shopify-sim) - Sinatra app to preview a Shopify theme locally.
- [shopify-surge-pricing](https://github.com/kevinhughes27/shopify-surge-pricing) - A demo of surge pricing for Shopify based on cart update webhooks.
- [shopify-tax-receipts](https://github.com/kevinhughes27/shopify-tax-receipts) - Shopify app for automatically sending tax receipts when specified products are purchased.
- [partner-metrics-for-shopify](https://github.com/forsbergplustwo/partner-metrics-for-shopify) - Metrics Dashboard for Shopify Partners, on Rails.
- [Shopify app starter kit](https://github.com/ASoftCo/shopify-app-starter-kit) - A Shopify app boilerplate written in Ruby on Rails with appropriate tools to get your Shopify app up and running quickly 🚀.

## Code Snippets

- [freakdesign/Shopify-code-snippets](https://github.com/freakdesign/shopifyFD) - Shopify code examples and tips bought.
- [gocomet/snippets](https://github.com/gocomet/snippets) - A collection of code snippets, generally for use with Shopify.
- [vikrantnegi/shopify-code-snippets](https://github.com/vikrantnegi/shopify-code-snippets) - A compilation of code snippets for Shopify developers.

## Tools

### App
- [Shopify developer-tools](https://github.com/shopifypartners/developer-tools) - A macOS app that connects to your Shopify store(s) and allows you to make authenticated calls to the Admin API, generate dummy data, and view and customize Polaris components. [More info](https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/developer-tools).

### Browser extensions

- [ShopifyFD Dashboard Tool](https://github.com/freakdesign/shopifyFD) - Chrome extension to provide additional functionality to the Shopify dashboard.
- [Custom Fields for Shopify](https://github.com/freakdesign/shopify-custom-fields) - Chrome extension to navigate across the custom fields.

### Command Line Tools

- [shopify-app-cli](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-cli) - Shopify App CLI helps you build Shopify apps faster 🚀.
- [Theme Kit](https://github.com/Shopify/themekit) - Theme asset interaction library and management.
- [Shopify Theme](https://github.com/shopify/shopify_theme) - A console tool for interacting with Shopify Theme Assets.
- [ziplinesFly](http://ziplines.pixelcab.in) - Fly into Shopify development with ease workflow.
- [grunt-shopify](https://github.com/wilr/grunt-shopify) - Grunt plug-in for publishing Shopify theme assets.
- [Shopify ID Export](https://github.com/ScreenStaring/shopify_id_export) - Dump Shopify product and variant IDs —along with other identifiers— to a CSV or JSON file.

### Editor

- [VS Code Liquid](https://github.com/panoply/vscode-liquid) - Liquid VS Code extension that supports formatting, syntax highlighting and more.
- [Shopify Textmate Bundle](https://github.com/meeech/shopify.tmbundle) - A Textmate Bundle for interacting with Shopify Theme Assets.
- [vim-liquid](https://github.com/tpope/vim-liquid) - Vim Liquid runtime files.
- [VS Code Liquid Snippets Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=killalau.vscode-liquid-snippets) - An extension for the VS Code editor with autocomplete snippets for Shopify Liquid.

### Services

- [Ngrok](https://ngrok.com) -  Ngrok is a tool that makes it easy to expose your development environment to Internet.
- [RequestBin](http://requestbin.net) -  It gives you a bucket to capture external requests. This is useful for seeing what the content of a [Shopify Webhook](https://help.shopify.com/api/reference/webhook) are.

### Utilities

- [Shopify Product CSVs and Images](https://github.com/shopifypartners/shopify-product-csvs-and-images) - Get your Shopify development stores started with great product data.
- [UnProduct-Shopify](https://github.com/byjord/UnProduct-Shopify) - Non-uniform test product data for the Shopify Platform. Use UnProduct-Shopify to simulate real world products.
- [Sketch Shopify Data Populator](https://github.com/shopifypartners/sketch-shopify-data-populator)
- [City Ecommerce UI Kit](https://github.com/shopifypartners/sketch-shopify-data-populator) - City is our free ecommerce UI kit based on a fictional fashion apparel shop. (Prototyping Shopify Store design)

## License

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, [Julio Napurí](https://github.com/julionc) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.  See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add Shopify Theme Inspector for Chrome

readme.md, after:

# Awesome Shopify [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge-flat.svg)](https://awesome.re)

[<img src="shopify.png" width="250px" align="right" alt="Shopify">](https://www.shopify.com/?ref=vitalogy)

> A curated list of awesome [Shopify](https://www.shopify.com/?ref=vitalogy) resources, libraries and open source projects.

[Shopify](https://www.shopify.com/?ref=vitalogy) is a popular e-commerce platform that allows to build and manage online stores.
If you want to contribute, please read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/julionc/awesome-shopify/blob/master/contributing.md).
Thanks to all [contributors](https://github.com/julionc/awesome-shopify/graphs/contributors), you're awesome and wouldn't be possible without you! 

## Contents

- [Community](#community)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Front-end Development](#front-end-development)
- [Mobile](#mobile)
- [Libraries](#libraries)
  - [Ruby](#ruby)
  - [Python](#python)
  - [JavaScript](#javascript)
  - [DotNet](#dotnet)
  - [Elixir](#elixir)
  - [Haskell](#haskell)
  - [Java](#java)
  - [Golang](#golang)
  - [PHP](#php)
  - [R](#r)
  - [Rust](#rust)
- [Examples](#examples)
  - [JavaScript Examples](#javascript-examples)
  - [Python Examples](#python-examples)
  - [Ruby Examples](#ruby-examples)
- [Code Snippets](#code-snippets)
- [Tools](#tools)

## Community

- [@ShopifyPartners](https://twitter.com/ShopifyPartners) - The Official Shopify Partners Twitter account.
- [@ShopifyDevs](https://twitter.com/ShopifyDevs) - A Shopify Devs Team Twitter account.
- [Community Discussion Forums](https://community.shopify.com/) - Discussing eCommerce best practices and how to have a successful online store.
- [Shopify Partners](https://shopifypartners.slack.com/) - Official Shopify Partners Slack Channel. If you are a Partner, go to your resources tab and it should be linked there as well.
- [eCommTalk](http://ecommtalk.com/) - A Slack Community created to bring Shopify lovers together.
- [/r/shopify](https://www.reddit.com/r/shopify) - The Shopify Reddit Community.

## Documentation

- [Developer changelog](https://developers.shopify.com/changelog) - The Official Developer Changelog blog with important changes to APIs and other developer products.
- [Developer guides](https://help.shopify.com/api/guides) - If you're new to developing apps for Shopify, take a look at the official guides to get an overview of the process.
- [Shopify - The OAuth flow for Authentication](https://help.shopify.com/api/guides/authentication/oauth) - This guide will walk you through the OAuth Authorization process.
- [Shopify Partner Account](https://www.shopify.com/partners?ref=vitalogy) - If you don't have a Shopify Partner account yet head over [here](https://www.shopify.com/partners?ref=vitalogy) and create one, you'll need it before you can start developing apps.
- [App requirements checklist](https://help.shopify.com/api/listing-in-the-app-store/app-review-checklist) - For submitting apps to the Shopify App Store.
- [Everything You Need to Know About Development Stores](https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/development-stores?ref=vitalogy) - Understanding development stores.


## Front-end Development

### UI/UX

- [Shopify Polaris](https://polaris.shopify.com) - Polaris is a React component library designed to help developers create the best experience for merchants. [GitHub](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris) :sunny:.
- [Slate](https://github.com/Shopify/slate) - Slate is a toolkit for developing Shopify themes, designed to assist your workflow and speed up the process of developing, testing, and deploying themes.
- [Shopify Polaris UI Kit](https://polaris.shopify.com/resources/polaris-ui-kit) - The Sketch UI kit provides a set of reusable components to help you craft great products for Shopify.

### CSS Frameworks

- [Foundationify](https://github.com/lukebussey/foundationify) - A theme for Shopify based on the responsive Zurb Foundation 5 framework.
- [Uptown CSS](https://github.com/shoppad/uptowncss/) - Uptown CSS is a semantic toolkit designed to help developers build fully-responsive Shopify Apps.

### Liquid Template

- [Liquid](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/) - Liquid is safe, customer-facing template language for flexible web apps.
- [Liquid Cheat Sheet](https://www.shopify.com/partners/shopify-cheat-sheet) - A resource for building Shopify Themes with Liquid.
- [Liquid template language reference](https://shopify.dev/docs/themes/liquid/reference) - Liquid is the backbone of all Shopify themes, and is used to load dynamic content to the pages of online stores.

### Others

- [Cart.js](https://cartjs.org) - A JavaScript library to power your Shopify theme's cart.
- [gocomet/snippets](https://github.com/gocomet/snippets) - A collection of code snippets, generally for use with Shopify.
- [Shopify Skeleton theme](https://github.com/Shopify/skeleton-theme) - A simplified Shopify theme.
- [shopify-css-import](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-css-import) - Add CSS import functionality to Shopify theme development with Grunt.js or Gulp.js.
- [Setup and use Shopify metafields in your custom storefront](https://www.zauberware.com/en/articles/2019/setup-and-use-shopify-metafields-in-your-custom-storefront/) - Using GraphQL API to create and get Shopify Metafields.

## Mobile

You can use the iOS and Android Buy SDK to integrate Shopify checkout into your mobile applications. This lets you sell any of your physical products through the app and track sales info in your Shopify Admin. [Learn more here›](https://help.shopify.com/en/api/storefront-api/tools).

### Android

- [Shopify Mobile for Android](https://www.shopify.com/install/android)
- [Shopify Mobile Buy SDK](https://www.shopify.com/install/mobile)

### iOS

- [Shopify Mobile for iPhone](https://www.shopify.com/install/mobile)
- [Shopify Mobile Buy SDK](https://github.com/Shopify/mobile-buy-sdk-ios)

### 

## Libraries

You can use official Shopify libraries or any of the third party libraries below for authenticating and interacting with the Shopify API.

### Ruby

- [shopify_api](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_api) - Shopify Ruby API.
- [shopify_app](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_app) - A Ruby on Rails Engine.
- [omniauth-shopify-oauth2](https://github.com/Shopify/omniauth-shopify-oauth2) - Authentication using OmniAuth.
- [shopify-sinatra-app](https://github.com/kevinhughes27/shopify-sinatra-app) - Shopify Sinatra App.
- [lucid_shopify](https://github.com/luciddesign/lucid_shopify) - Basic interfaces to the Shopify API.

### Python

- [shopify_python_api](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify_python_api) - Shopify Python API.
- [django-shopify-auth](https://github.com/discolabs/django-shopify-auth) - Add Shopify authentication to a Django app.
- [Django Shopify Webhook](https://github.com/discolabs/django-shopify-webhook) - A package for receiving Shopify Webhooks in Django.

### JavaScript

- [@shopify/koa-shopify-auth](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/tree/master/packages/koa-shopify-auth) - Shopify Auth for Koa HTTP middleware framework.
- [@shopify/koa-shopify-graphql-proxy](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/blob/master/packages/koa-shopify-graphql-proxy/README.md) - Shopify GraphQL Proxy for Koa HTTP middleware framework.
- [@shopify/koa-shopify-webhooks](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/tree/master/packages/koa-shopify-webhooks) - Shopify Webhooks Middleware for Koa HTTP middleware framework.
- [js-buy-sdk](https://github.com/Shopify/js-buy-sdk) - Shopify JavaScript Buy SDK.
- [shopify-api-node](https://github.com/MONEI/Shopify-api-node) - Node.js Shopify connector.
- [shopify-node-api](https://github.com/christophergregory/shopify-node-api) - OAuth2 Module for Shopify API.

### DotNet

- [nozzlegear/ShopifySharp](https://github.com/nozzlegear/ShopifySharp) - A .NET library for Shopify.
- [agileharbor/shopifyAccess](https://github.com/agileharbor/shopifyAccess) - Shoppify API .NET wrapper.

### Elixir

- [sticksnleaves/exshopify](https://github.com/sticksnleaves/exshopify) - Elixir client for the Shopify API.
- [shopify_elixir](https://github.com/sdn90/shopify_elixir) - A Shopify API library for Elixir.

### Haskell

- [haskell-shopify](https://github.com/aaronlevin/haskell-shopify) - A type-safe Haskell client for the Shopify API.

### Java

- [shopify-api-java-wrapper](https://github.com/SevenSpikes/shopify-api-java-wrapper) - Java wrapper for the Shopify API.

### Golang

- [bold-commerce/go-shopify](https://github.com/bold-commerce/go-shopify) - Shopify for Golang.
- [go-shopify](https://github.com/kiwih/go-shopify) - Golang tool for connecting to Shopify's API.
- [shoauth](https://github.com/darrenpeters/shoauth) - Shopify oauth (oauth2) middleware for Golang.

### PHP

- [pizdata/oauth2-shopify-php](https://github.com/pizdata/oauth2-shopify-php) - Shopify Provider for the OAuth 2.0 Client.
- [multidimension-al/oauth2-shopify](https://github.com/multidimension-al/oauth2-shopify) - Shopify's OAuth 2.0 support for the PHP League's OAuth 2.0 Client.
- [ShopifyExtras/PHP-Shopify-API-Wrapper](https://github.com/ShopifyExtras/PHP-Shopify-API-Wrapper) - Guzzle-based API client.
- [phpclassic/php-shopify](https://github.com/phpclassic/php-shopify) - PHP SDK for Shopify API.
- [ZfrShopify](https://github.com/zf-fr/zfr-shopify) - Guzzle client around Shopify API.
- [Shopify API Package for Laravel](https://github.com/joshrps/laravel-shopify-API-wrapper) - A Laravel API Wrapper.
- [donutdan4114/shopify](https://github.com/donutdan4114/shopify) - A simple Shopify PHP SDK for private apps to easily interact with the Shopify API.
- [slince/shopify-api-php](https://github.com/slince/shopify-api-php) - Shopify API Client for PHP.
- [ohmybrew/Basic-Shopify-API](https://github.com/ohmybrew/Basic-Shopify-API) - A simple, tested, API wrapper for Shopify using Guzzle for REST and GraphQL.
- [ohmybrew/laravel-shopify](https://github.com/ohmybrew/laravel-shopify) - A full-featured Laravel package for aiding in Shopify App development.
- [buy-button-wordpress](https://github.com/Shopify/buy-button-wordpress) - Wordpress plugin for the Buy Button.
- [bold-shopify-toolkit](https://github.com/bold-commerce/bold-shopify-toolkit) - A Symfony Based Shopify api wrapper.
- [oseintow/laravel-shopify](https://github.com/oseintow/laravel-shopify) - Laravel Shopify is a simple package which helps to build robust integration into Shopify.
- [tothjmt/Laravel-Shopify](https://github.com/tothjmt/Laravel-Shopify) - A Laravel / Shopify API Wrapper.
- [CakePHP Plugin](https://github.com/cmcdonaldca/CakePHP-Shopify-Plugin) - A simple plugin for CakePHP.

### R

- [shopifyr](https://github.com/charliebone/shopifyr/) - Aims to provide an easy-to-use interface to the Shopify Admin API within R.

### Rust

- [Ventmere/shopify](https://github.com/Ventmere/shopify/) - Shopify API Client for Rust.

## Examples
A Open Source Projects

### JavaScript Examples

- [Shopify App Node](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-node) -  Boilerplate to create an embedded Shopify app made with Node, Next.js, Shopify-koa-auth, Polaris, and App Bridge React :sunny:.
- [Shopify App with Node.js and React](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-demo-app-node-react) - Build a Shopify Demo App with Node.js and React.
- [Storefront API Examples](https://github.com/Shopify/storefront-api-examples) - Example custom storefront applications built on Shopify's Storefront API.
- [SmallAwesomeShop](https://github.com/JsssCode/SmallAwesomeShop) - An Angular 7 App example using Shopify's Storefront GraphQL API.

### Python Examples

- [shopify_django_app](https://github.com/shopify/shopify_django_app) - Shopify Django App Example.

### Ruby Examples

- [shopify-fulfillment-integration](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-fulfillment-integration) - Example Fulfillment Service Integration with Shopify.
- [Hosted Payment Simulator](https://github.com/Shopify/hosted-payment-sim) - Example of using the [Hosted Payment SDK](https://docs.shopify.com/api/sdks/hosted-payment-sdk).
- [shopify-sim](https://github.com/urbandictionary/shopify-sim) - Sinatra app to preview a Shopify theme locally.
- [shopify-surge-pricing](https://github.com/kevinhughes27/shopify-surge-pricing) - A demo of surge pricing for Shopify based on cart update webhooks.
- [shopify-tax-receipts](https://github.com/kevinhughes27/shopify-tax-receipts) - Shopify app for automatically sending tax receipts when specified products are purchased.
- [partner-metrics-for-shopify](https://github.com/forsbergplustwo/partner-metrics-for-shopify) - Metrics Dashboard for Shopify Partners, on Rails.
- [Shopify app starter kit](https://github.com/ASoftCo/shopify-app-starter-kit) - A Shopify app boilerplate written in Ruby on Rails with appropriate tools to get your Shopify app up and running quickly 🚀.

## Code Snippets

- [freakdesign/Shopify-code-snippets](https://github.com/freakdesign/shopifyFD) - Shopify code examples and tips bought.
- [gocomet/snippets](https://github.com/gocomet/snippets) - A collection of code snippets, generally for use with Shopify.
- [vikrantnegi/shopify-code-snippets](https://github.com/vikrantnegi/shopify-code-snippets) - A compilation of code snippets for Shopify developers.

## Tools

### App
- [Shopify developer-tools](https://github.com/shopifypartners/developer-tools) - A macOS app that connects to your Shopify store(s) and allows you to make authenticated calls to the Admin API, generate dummy data, and view and customize Polaris components. [More info](https://www.shopify.com/partners/blog/developer-tools).

### Browser extensions

- [Shopify Theme Inspector for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/shopify-theme-inspector-f/fndnankcflemoafdeboboehphmiijkgp) - Profile and debug Liquid template on your Shopify store
- [ShopifyFD Dashboard Tool](https://github.com/freakdesign/shopifyFD) - Chrome extension to provide additional functionality to the Shopify dashboard.
- [Custom Fields for Shopify](https://github.com/freakdesign/shopify-custom-fields) - Chrome extension to navigate across the custom fields.

### Command Line Tools

- [shopify-app-cli](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-cli) - Shopify App CLI helps you build Shopify apps faster 🚀.
- [Theme Kit](https://github.com/Shopify/themekit) - Theme asset interaction library and management.
- [Shopify Theme](https://github.com/shopify/shopify_theme) - A console tool for interacting with Shopify Theme Assets.
- [ziplinesFly](http://ziplines.pixelcab.in) - Fly into Shopify development with ease workflow.
- [grunt-shopify](https://github.com/wilr/grunt-shopify) - Grunt plug-in for publishing Shopify theme assets.
- [Shopify ID Export](https://github.com/ScreenStaring/shopify_id_export) - Dump Shopify product and variant IDs —along with other identifiers— to a CSV or JSON file.

### Editor

- [VS Code Liquid](https://github.com/panoply/vscode-liquid) - Liquid VS Code extension that supports formatting, syntax highlighting and more.
- [Shopify Textmate Bundle](https://github.com/meeech/shopify.tmbundle) - A Textmate Bundle for interacting with Shopify Theme Assets.
- [vim-liquid](https://github.com/tpope/vim-liquid) - Vim Liquid runtime files.
- [VS Code Liquid Snippets Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=killalau.vscode-liquid-snippets) - An extension for the VS Code editor with autocomplete snippets for Shopify Liquid.

### Services

- [Ngrok](https://ngrok.com) -  Ngrok is a tool that makes it easy to expose your development environment to Internet.
- [RequestBin](http://requestbin.net) -  It gives you a bucket to capture external requests. This is useful for seeing what the content of a [Shopify Webhook](https://help.shopify.com/api/reference/webhook) are.

### Utilities

- [Shopify Product CSVs and Images](https://github.com/shopifypartners/shopify-product-csvs-and-images) - Get your Shopify development stores started with great product data.
- [UnProduct-Shopify](https://github.com/byjord/UnProduct-Shopify) - Non-uniform test product data for the Shopify Platform. Use UnProduct-Shopify to simulate real world products.
- [Sketch Shopify Data Populator](https://github.com/shopifypartners/sketch-shopify-data-populator)
- [City Ecommerce UI Kit](https://github.com/shopifypartners/sketch-shopify-data-populator) - City is our free ecommerce UI kit based on a fictional fashion apparel shop. (Prototyping Shopify Store design)

## License

[![CC0](https://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0)

To the extent possible under law, [Julio Napurí](https://github.com/julionc) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.  See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
